https://www.imdb.com/review/rw0059919/?ref_=tt_urv [12 angry man - 2001] 6
It's a movie that takes place in one hot, smoke-filled, sweaty room, at a time when men felt naked if they took their jacket and tie off. 11 come into the room wanting to fry the defendant; one man starts pointing out all the ambiguous testimony. He nobly upholds the concept of "reasonable doubt." Guess who triumphs?

The movie is remarkable. Sidney Lumet was even then a master filmmaker. The claustrophobia is palpable, but the camera is fluid enough to give you every angle on the closed, locked room, and every emotion and bead of sweat on the men trapped there.

The story, however, presents easy heroes and villains: the everyman just trying to make sure justice is done; the bigot who can't keep his opinions to himself; the noble immigrant. Cliches all, even back in 1957.

Yet, the cast is so real. These are real, sweaty, down-to-earth actors putting on the performances of their lives. You always feel like you are in there with them, following the logic, thinking about whether the evidence presented is believable.

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw0003224/?ref_=tt_urv [Aelita, the Queen of Mars - 2004] 4 
I have barely managed to view the entire film... Only after about 85min out of the movie's 110min did the journey to Mars begin, and then there were 5min left for the closure. These 85 long minutes were VERY boring and didn't contribute anything to the film. When finally reaching Mars, it wasn't much better plot wise. It all could have been fitted into much shorter running time and nothing would have been missed.

What I cannot understand is the piece of trivia saying the because of the film new-born Babies were named "Aelita"... Why would someone want to name his/her baby after a villain, who despite having only one eyebrow, apparently has 3 breasts???

The only interesting thing here is the sets and costumes for the Mars scenes. They are an interesting experiment in Constructivism, just as "The cabinet of Dr. Caligari" was for Expressionism, five years earlier.

I give it 4/10 for the great looking design...

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw0003211/?ref_=tt_urv [Aelita, the queen of mars - 1999] 3
A dedicated Russian Scientist dreams of going to Mars. He eventually gets there but it takes the whole film before we are able to have a laugh at the Russian style of Revolution in Mars.

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw1327888/?ref_=tt_urv [dead poets society - 2006] 4
I watched this film in English class this past week and I must say that I am a bit disappointed with what I saw. While many aspects of the film were perfectly engaging, I never felt grabbed by the story line, nor was I impressed with the script or, for that matter, actors.

Robin Williams' character was perhaps the biggest disappointment for me. While I have always failed to see the reason for the hype Williams so often receives, I have appreciated some of his more serious roles, such as his role as the neurologist in "Awakenings". I was completely underwhelmed by Williams' acting in this movie. It was almost as if he was trying too hard to be the "inspiring" teacher and in doing so ended up being completely melodramatic, in both his ideals and his voice (he drifted in and out of a VERY annoying accent of some sort.) I'm not entirely sure why Williams was nominated for an Oscar for this role...

The numerous clichés in the film also began to get to me after a while. I truly enjoyed the scenes where the boys were hanging out and talking. These were genuinely acted and scripted and were often very endearing. But the same is not true for the majority of the movie. I felt the teacher's teaching styles were almost too exaggerated for the movie. He would play some sort of game with the kids, they'd learn a lesson, and then be miraculously changed (an example of this was the whole "carpe diem" on the first day and how so soon after, everything became inspirational. Another scene that comes to mind is when the teacher helps the shy boy Todd Anderson create his own poetry.) There was no real work involved for this teacher. he uttered a couple of lines of poetry (and the most insipid and well known ones at that) and the boys were then "thinking for themselves".

I couldn't see the whole controversy about the "Society" itself anyway. Much of what the boys were doing was hanging out in a cave at night. while this was certainly a "discipline problem", it hardly seems to pose a threat of any sort to the school.

Anyway, I was overall underwhelmed by this film, but parts of it were OK.


https://www.imdb.com/review/rw0268571/?ref_=tt_urv [Dead poets society - 2000] 3
This movie is pretty much a mess. I'm a huge Peter Weir fan, and I really expected more from him. If you want to see one of his films, rent Gallipoli or Picnic at Hanging Rock, and avoid this at all costs. This is basically one of those tiresome, pseudo-inspirational films wherein a unique, rule-breaking teachers inspires his students to do their own thing. The characters are all cliches - the teacher; the sweet, slightly effeminate boy with the obnoxious father who doesn't understand him; the token girlfriend character, etc. Also, I'm sick of Robin Williams using his films as a forum to show off his impersonations - save those for the stand-up routines.

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw0268455/?ref_=tt_urv [Dead poets society - 2001] 3
This movie was a blockbuster and it's sure easy to see why.It's got a nice ,vapid ,"moving" screenplay ,with enough demagogy to win over the White House.You cannot be wrong when you show a nice ,modern,likeable,teacher.Is there anybody to tell me why cool teachers are always lit teachers?Look at the maths teacher:he's so grotesque that only naive people will bother.It sure is easier to tear out pages from a literature book:after all,you can study Thomas Hardy before Edgar Allan Poe ,who cares?Or use a "method" of your own.But try to study,say,the differential equations before the exponential fonction! Actually Robin Williams character is dangerous and should be kicked out .His influence makes one of his students commit suicide:that does not prevent his mindless idiot mates to give him (the teacher) a loud cheer.Don't tell me their "carpe diem" mentor teaches them to live! In "the prime of Miss Jean Brodie" ,an almost unfairly forgotten movie,Ronald Neame refused that easy way.The teacher (fabulous Maggie Smith) was nice too,and her huge influence on her pupils lead to very bad things (sympathy for facism!).As a final,one of her pupils (Pamela Franklin) comes to say how much she despises her!We're far from Peter Weir's obnoxious weepie.Soon after,he would come back to making good movies as the highly superior "fearless" and "the trueman show" testify. And if you want a very good "school" Weir movie ,take "Picnic at Hanging Rock" instead of this "dead creativity society".

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw0268607/?ref_=tt_urv [DPS- 2002] 6
I think hailing this movie as a classic is a bit too much, but bashing it as a dud is also too extreme.

The movie hoped to be one of those absolutely outstanding, feel-good flicks that changes peoples' lives. It isn't that, and sometimes the stretching it does to try to be so great makes the audience squeam.

It has some good points, good lines, and in my humble opinion, excellent actors portraying the boys in the Society. I am not a big fan of William's casting as Keating though.

The script is a little cliche and the fact that a bunch of fairly popular boys would want to gather and read poetry together is also a bit extreme. I guess what I'm saying is their portrayal of the boys themselves is overall unrealistic (When Neil grabs a cape and runs up and down, excited he's going to be in Midsummer Night's Dream? Teenage boys would not typically do that).

However with all that said, the message of the movie is fabulous. The teaching style of Keating is impressive and, contrary to what most people would think, there are teachers out there who approach teaching in a very unorthodox way and reach their students like no other can. I am a high school student and have seen some of these teachers.

I liked the ending, however bombastic some may call it. Definately watch it, maybe even buy it, but don't expect *too* much.


https://www.imdb.com/review/rw9034951/?ref_=tt_urv [GOTG-2023] 3
Y'all must have watched a different movie than me. This is the worst Marvel in the last ten years in my opinion. Little to no plot/story, dumb villains, bad costumes, cheesy lines, unholy amount of plotholes, pure CGI feast... The only good thing in that movie was the cinematography, that's it. I questioned my status as a GotG fan and asked myself several times why I have to go through this "movie". Come on. Nothing made even slightly sense and the characters get weirder and worse. It just felt like a Disney movie the whole time but like a Disney movie where Walt Disney smoked crack and got blackout drunk before he wrote the script. It was even worse than Multiverse of Madness and Thor Love & Thunder and I thought thats's impossible. Just imagine the bad plot and nonsense from MoM combined withe cornyness and cringe of Love & Thunder and voilà that's GotG 3. It doesn't have the charm of the old GotG movies and the music was not that important anymore. Total waste of money and time.

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw9038405/?ref_=tt_urv [GOTG-2023] 3
The movie felt so different than the other two, and much worse. It felt like a long, really bad, music video. There was very little dialogue. The others were funny and weird. I really liked the music and characters from the first two movies. I'm typically not a Marcel or Sci Fri fan, but I really like the first two movies in this series. However, this film feels like it is designed for really little kids. There was like an hour dedicated to the raccoon being kidnapped. About thirty minutes into this raccoon's backstory story, I tapped out. To be honest, I fell asleep in the theater so I am unable to rate the ending.

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw9036081/?ref_=tt_urv [GOTG-2023]6
Speeding up an action sequence until it is a blur doesn't make it more exciting. Louder isn't better and it doesn't add to the story or experience. The story isn't bad but it is held back with the modern Marvel Studios decisions to make every battle more 'epic' than the last. More people, faster spinning, louder noise and rinse and repeat with 10% more for each battle. Acting was alright, story was alright, soundtrack was solid enough, designs were good but sped up to blur and volume raised to pounding distracted rather than complemented. I wish I could have seen more of the details in the world but sped up to fast and it was all a blur.

https://www.imdb.com/review/rw9037291/?ref_=tt_urv [GOTG-2023] 6
I loved the first GotG, and enjoyed Vol. 2 a lot. For me they were original, quirky, funny films with an awesome soundtrack, great action sequences and a real feel-good factor to them.

This third instalment attempts to carry some of those traits over, but it also wants to be a serious, emotional film as it works its way through Rocket's tortuous back story. These two opposing threads make for uncomfortable bedfellows, and it hits from the very start of the movie. Any anticipation I felt for the film dissipated rapidly in the first 10 very depressing minutes, and I struggled to regain much enthusiasm for it. Perhaps this was an inevitable consequence following the events of the last Avengers movie, but even so I didn't feel it was handled all that well.

This was despite a pretty engaging revenge plot and a compelling and superbly portrayed primary antagonist. Adam Warlock was a welcome if somewhat underexplored addition to the cast, and a wide variety of imaginative and frequently grizzly selection of supporting characters were generally a bonus.

In fact it was the Guardians themselves who disappointed. Rocket and Star-Lord were largely humourless throughout. The three female guardians, including - strangely - Mantis, melded into the same universally angry, shouty character. Only Drax seemed to me to add value, as he was both funny and had a nice bit of character development rolled into it.

All in all, though this wasn't a bad film, it wasn't the film I was hoping it would be.